---
title: Iriss's release
description: Skyra Project's Suggestions and Feedback bot just released!
date: 2022-06-04
tags: [first-release]
author: Aura
image: iriss
---

**Iriss is Skyra Project's Suggestions and Feedback bot**, she comes with a lot of configuration options and two ways to resolve suggestions — from the suggestion messages themselves (unless the buttons are disabled), or from the `/resolve` command.

Unlike Skyra, Iriss can keep track of the update history up to 3 messages — as opposed to replacing it — which can be useful for keeping track of a suggestion's status over time.

Furthermore, you can either create a thread with the click of a button or tell Iriss to do that automatically as soon as the message is sent. She will also automatically set the name of the thread as the [slug](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clean_URL#Slug) prefixed by the suggestion number, and add the suggestion's author to said thread.

**Pro tip**: You can link other suggestions by writing `#` followed by the number, e.g. `#22`, they will be automatically formatted with a masked link which takes you to the referenced message on click.

## Configuration

-   **auto-thread**: If enabled, Iriss will automatically create a thread on new suggestion messages.
-   **buttons**: Whether to add management buttons on new suggestion messages. If disabled, the `/resolve` command will have to be used in order to manage the suggestions.
-   **channel**: The channel to post new suggestions at, this is vital and must be set before Iriss can work.
-   **compact**: If enabled, Iriss will use 3 buttons as opposed to a select menu with 3 options.
-   **display-update-history**: If enabled, Iriss will display up to the last 3 responses on suggestions.
-   **embed**: If disabled, Iriss will send messages as plain text rather than embeds. This is not compatible with masked links and will lose the suggestion status colour cue.
-   **reactions**: If set, the reactions to use on new suggestion messages. Those have no effect on Iriss, but can be used for the community to vote.
-   **remove-reactions**: If set, Iriss will automatically remove all reactions once the suggestion is archived.

::card{type="info"}
Invite Iriss to your server [**here**](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=948377113457745990&permissions=326417868864&scope=bot%20applications.commands){.underline}.
::
