---
title: Artiel's release
description: Skyra Project's Fun bot just released!
date: 2023-06-09
tags: [first-release]
author: Aura
image: artiel
---

**Artiel is Skyra Project's Fun bot**, he comes with a growing database of meme templates powered by our custom-made
[Meme Template Generator](https://memes.skyra.pw).

::card{type="info"}

Right now, the meme template database will start small, but we aim to soon provide lots of templates.

::

---

## Q&A

### How does Artiel compare to Skyra?

The behavior between the two is similar with a few differences:

- `/meme`: The most (over-)engineered piece in Artiel, it's an image generator that expands beyond Skyra's capabilities
  with the ability to wrap text within a box rather than within a horizontal width boundary, this allows Artiel to
  generate memes with virtually any template in existence while also supporting placing avatars on the template. Because
  of this, and other limitations, we had to build an [entire website](https://memes.skyra.pw) open to the community to
  aid with the creation of said templates.
- `/ship`: In Skyra, the theme used for the command is defined by whether or not the dark theme was enabled, supporting
  only two themes: light and dark. Artiel by comparison, expands this by adding more themes and having a higher image
  resolution.
- `/xkcd`: The search of the comic by name has been broken for a long time, this is due to the third-party API we were
  using being shut down by its developers. Artiel restores this feature by storing a local database of all the comics on
  xkcd, which is indexed at 12:00 UTC on weekdays (Randall Munroe, the author, doesn't post on weekends). On top of it,
  Artiel's search includes descriptions, which makes results even easier to find.

### Wait, but didn't you tell us the bot would have games and such?

Yes, we did, and Artiel will eventually have games. We wanted a first version out so the community can have better memes
than the ones available in Skyra. Worry not, Artiel will feature a better AI to play against and a better command design
so it's not tedious to play the games.

We didn't want to rush features, so instead, we'll ship them once they're properly done and polished. The game commands
will remain a part of Skyra in the meantime.

### When can we expect Artiel to have games?

We cannot say for sure, we will probably release as they are done and tested.

### What games will Artiel have?

The same as Skyra:

- Connect Four
- Hunger Games
- Tic Tac Toe
- Trivia
- Pop

And long-suggested ones:

- **Duck Hunt** ([details](https://github.com/skyra-project/artiel/issues/7))
- [**Sokoban**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sokoban)
- [**Hangman**](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hangman_(game)>)
- And any other you suggest in [Skyra Lounge](https://discord.com/invite/6gakFR2)!

We will also explore the possibility of making strategic 1v1 games using hidden messages so we can make games such as
[Battleship](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battleship_(game)>).

### Should we expect changes in how those games will work?

Yes, they will be changed to use buttons and selects. There are also plans to add a way to open a match with the first
one who hits a _Play_ button.

::card{type="info"}

Invite Artiel to your server
[**here**](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=948377028028145755&permissions=51200&scope=applications.commands%20bot){.underline}.

::
